Update depth estimation task guide (#31860)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/tasks/monocular_depth_estimation.md

Monocular depth estimation has various applications, including 3D reconstruction, augmented reality, autonomous driving,
and robotics. It is a challenging task as it requires the model to understand the complex relationships between objects
in the scene and the corresponding depth information, which can be affected by factors such as lighting conditions,
occlusion, and texture. 

> There are two main categories for depth estimation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main depth estimation categories:
```

- **Absolute depth estimation**: This task variant aims to provide exact depth measurements from the camera. The term is used interchangeably with metric depth estimation, where depth is provided in precise measurements in meters or feet. Absolute depth estimation models output depth maps with numerical values that represent real-world distances.

- **Relative depth estimation**: Relative depth estimation aims to predict the depth order of objects or points in a scene without providing the precise measurements. These models output a depth map that indicates which parts of the scene are closer or farther relative to each other without the actual distances to A and B.

> In this guide, we will see how to infer with [Depth Anything V2](https://huggingface.co/depth-anything/Depth-Anything-V2-Large), state-of-the-art zero-shot relative depth estimation model and [ZoeDepth](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/zoedepth) an absolute depth estimation model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we will see how to infer with [Depth Anything V2](https://huggingface.co/depth-anything/Depth-Anything-V2-Large), a state-of-the-art zero-shot relative depth estimation model, and [ZoeDepth](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/zoedepth), an absolute depth estimation model.
```

<Tip>

> To see all architectures and checkpoints compatible with this task, we recommend checking the [task page](https://huggingface.co/tasks/depth-anything). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [Depth Estimation](https://huggingface.co/tasks/depth-estimation) task page to view all compatible architectures and checkpoints.
```

</Tip>

> Before we begin, we need to install latest version of transformers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we begin, we need to install the latest version of Transformers:
```

>>> with torch.no_grad():
...     outputs = model(pixel_values)
```

Let's post-process and visualize the results. 

We need to pad and then resize the outputs so that predicted depth map has the same dimension as the original image. After resizing we will remove the padded regions from the depth. 

```py
>>> import numpy as np
>>> import torch.nn.functional as F

>>> predicted_depth = outputs.predicted_depth.unsqueeze(dim=1)
>>> height, width = pixel_values.shape[2:]

>>> height_padding_factor = width_padding_factor = 3
>>> pad_h = int(np.sqrt(height/2) * height_padding_factor)
>>> pad_w = int(np.sqrt(width/2) * width_padding_factor)

>>> if predicted_depth.shape[-2:] != pixel_values.shape[-2:]:
>>>    predicted_depth = F.interpolate(predicted_depth, size= (height, width), mode='bicubic', align_corners=False)

>>> if pad_h > 0:
     predicted_depth = predicted_depth[:, :, pad_h:-pad_h,:]
>>> if pad_w > 0:
     predicted_depth = predicted_depth[:, :, :, pad_w:-pad_w]
```

> We can now visualize the results. Below function is taken from [here](https://github.com/GaussianObject/GaussianObject/blob/ad6629efadb57902d5f8bc0fa562258029a4bdf1/pred_monodepth.py#L11).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can now visualize the results (the function below is taken from the [GaussianObject](https://github.com/GaussianObject/GaussianObject/blob/ad6629efadb57902d5f8bc0fa562258029a4bdf1/pred_monodepth.py#L11) framework).
```
